Tilequery API code update (#1211)
mapbox/android-docs: src/pages/java/overview/tilequery.md

java={`
MapboxTilequery tilequery = MapboxTilequery.builder()
	.accessToken(MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN)
	.tilesetIds(tilesetId)
	.query(Point.fromLngLat(LONGITUDE,LATITUDE))
	.radius(radiusInMeters)
	.limit(maxNumOfFeaturesReturned)

> 	.geometry(geoJsonGeometryString) // "point", "linestring", or "polygon"	.dedupe(boolean)

Reviewer: `dedupe` is currently commented out. I think you need a line break.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10479155/74076999-11921400-49d1-11ea-805c-946d50f0b156.png)

```suggestion
	.geometry(geoJsonGeometryString) // "point", "linestring", or "polygon"	
	.dedupe(boolean)
```

Author: Fixed

## Query response

> Access the [Tilequery API response object](/api/maps/#response-retrieve-features-from-vector-tiles) inside of the `onResponse` callback. The `onResponse` callback is built with [Retrofit](https://square.github.io/retrofit/), like the Java SDK's other services' callbacks. The response will include a `List<Feature>` if the query you built has any `Feature`s in it. But, there's no guarantee that the response will have any `Feature` objects in it.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access the [Tilequery API response object](https://docs.mapbox.com/api/maps/#response-retrieve-features-from-vector-tiles) inside the `onResponse` callback. The `onResponse` callback is built with [Retrofit](https://square.github.io/retrofit/), like the Java SDK's other services' callbacks. The response will include a `List<Feature>` if the query you built has any `Feature`s in it. But, there's no guarantee that the response will have any `Feature` objects in it.  
```
